#!/usr/bin/perl -w
#
# Luis Mondesi <lemsx1@gmail.com> 
# a simple script to generate a man page for splashy-config.xml
#
# use: pod2man splashy-config.xml.pod
#
use Pod::Text;
my $parser = Pod::Text->new (sentence => 0, width => 78);
$parser->parse_from_file($0,\*STDOUT);
exit 0;

=head1 NAME

B<Splashy> - a user-mode, POSIX and LSB compliant, boot splashing
system for UNIX.

=head1 SYNOPSIS

B</etc/splashy/config.xml> - Splashy's configuration file

=head1 DESCRIPTION

B</etc/splashy/config.xml> sets splashy's behaviour during boot, shutdown inter-runlevel and error. It is an XML file where all values are enclosed in tags

A tag is anything enclosed between B<< < >> and B<< > >>. An opening tag has the form C<< <tag> >> while a closing tag has its name preceded with a backslash (B<\>) character as in C<< <\tag> >>

Tags can be considered as folders. Each tag either contains tags or contains a value

The value of the final tag affects in the field defined by its parents tags

The following tag folders are supported:

=over 8

=item I<< <splashy> >>

This tag is mandatory. It contains all splashy's configuration values, listed below.

The following values are supported:

=item I<< <themes> >>

Absolute path to the directory containing the installed splashy themes. Default: /etc/splashy/themes

=item I<< <current_theme> >>

Name of the theme to use. It must be the name of a directory in <themes>'s value's directory. Default: default

=item I<< <default_theme> >>

Full path to a theme to fall back to if the theme specified in <current_theme>'s value can't be found. Default: /etc/splashy/themes/default

=item I<< <pid> >>

Full path to the PID file splashy will use to store its PID so that other processes can know if it is running. Default: /var/run/splashy.pid

=back

Comments can be introduced by enclsing them between B<< <!-- >> and B<< --> >>. Blank lines are also ignored

=head1 EXAMPLES

The following is a complete and valid splashy configuration file:

 <splashy>
    <!-- themes directory: conventional path /etc/splashy/themes -->
    <themes>/etc/splashy/themes</themes>
    <!-- current theme could be relative the themes defined above or full path -->
    <current_theme>default</current_theme>
    <!-- full path to theme to fall back in case of problems. DO NOT CHANGE -->
    <default_theme>/etc/splashy/themes/default</default_theme>
    <!-- this defaults should be ok -->
    <pid>/var/run/splashy.pid</pid>
 </splashy>

=head1 NOTES

Values are refered by their tag name prefixed with all of its parent tag's names. For example: C</splashy/pid>

=head1 FILES

=over 8

=item I</etc/splashy/config.xml>

Main configuration. Defines how splashy should be setup

=item I</etc/splashy/themes/>

Location where splashy themes are stored


=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

B<splashy>(1), B<splashy_config>(1), B<splashy_config>(1), B<splashy-theme.xml>(5)

=head1 AUTHORS
		
Jacobo Vilella <jacobo221@gmail.com>

=cut
