#!/usr/bin/perl -w
#
# Luis Mondesi <lemsx1@gmail.com> 
# a simple script to generate a man page for splashy
#
# use: pod2man splashy.pod
#
use Pod::Text;
my $parser = Pod::Text->new (sentence => 0, width => 78);
$parser->parse_from_file($0,\*STDOUT);
exit 0;

=head1 NAME

B<Splashy> - a user-mode, POSIX and LSB compliant, boot splashing
system for UNIX.

=head1 SYNOPSIS

B<splashy> { I<boot> | I<shutdown> | I<test> | I<preview> }

B<splashy_chvt> { I<TTY_NUMBER> }

=head1 DESCRIPTION 

Splashy displays an image and a progress bar at boot time. When called as splashy_chvt, it allows the same functionality as the UNIX command chvt.

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 8

=item B<boot>

Does boot sequence. See EXAMPLES.

=item B<shutdown>

Does shutdown sequence. See EXAMPLES.

=item B<test>, B<preview>

Use to test splashy without having to reboot the system. this shows a progressbar
continuously moving as well as the current image for the currently selected theme.
See EXAMPLES.

=back

=head1 EXAMPLES

C</sbin/splashy test>

Used to test splashy. Useful for testing new themes.

C</sbin/splashy boot>

Used when booting your system. This is run automatically by a initrc script during boot.


C</sbin/splashy shutdown>

Similar in spirit to B<boot>, but run during shutdown. This is run automatically by a initrc
script during shutdown.

=head1 FILES

=over 8

=item I</etc/splashy/config.xml>

Main configuration. defines how splashy should be setup.

=item I</etc/splashy/themes/default/config.xml>

Default theme. defines how the images displayed by splashy should be setup, their location
and other theme-related variables.

=back

=head1 NOTES

To use splashy as chvt, make a symbolic link from splashy's location to a new path. i.e.: cd /sbin; ln -s splashy splashy_chvt

=head1 SEE ALSO

B<splashy_config>(1), B<splashy_update>(1), B<splashy-config.xml>(5), B<splashy-theme.xml>(5)

=head1 AUTHORS

Luis Mondesi <lemsx1@gmail.com>

=cut
